Wed Jan  8 10:16:47 PST 2020

Meeting Coskun and Michelle at CSUS to talk about data science curriculum.

Agenda:

If I develop courses, how does it count in the RTP packet?

What's the expected timeline on developing the data science certificate program?

Regarding timeline, word is I'll be teaching STAT 128 in Fall 2020.
It would be difficult for me to simultaneously develop and teach a completely different course, such as the "introduction to machine learning" that Michelle suggested.

Is it possible to offer a lower division, more introductory course with light prerequisites to cater to a wider audience?
I might be able to do this in the fall, simultaneously as STAT 128, and use both
I'm thinking of a course that gets students doing exploratory analysis and plotting of real data sets, learning the basics of how to analyze and interpret it.
The idea is that the students could learn "enough to be dangerous" :), and whet their appetite for working with data.
Perhaps we could partner with a local community college here?

Other feedback on data science proposal:
I think it's better that students get introduced to programming in Python or R, rather than C/C++.

Notes on other programs:
- CS program has 15 certificate programs listed on their [department website](https://catalog.csus.edu/colleges/engineering-computer-science/computer-science/).

Their machine learning class looks quite a bit different from what I expect ours would look like:

> CSC 219.     Machine Learning.3 Units
> 
> Prerequisite(s): Fully classified graduate status in Computer Science, Software Engineering or Computer Engineering.
> 
> Term Typically Offered: Fall, Spring
> 
> Introduction to major paradigms and methods of machine learning. Inductive learning, explanation-based learning, classifier systems and genetic algorithms, analogical reasoning, case-based learning, connectionist learning, data driven approaches to empirical discovery, and basis of learning theory. Focus is on representative systems that have been built.


